how long have you been waiting long
enough to know I'm well ahead of you
hello
too bad I'm chief actor you're not
Galloway no make me oh I'm scared of you
you will be and if you're not you should
be what are you waiting isn't it obvious
painfully though that's commanding
officer i order you all to step aside in
the New World
I demand my proprietary rights in
layman's terms fuck off you bastards
oops
dick spirits sir I know this comes as
unwelcome news but we don't have our
flintlocks ergo no bayonets I don't have
a sword that does not deter me the name
of his Majesty the King
can I probably get a little peace and
quiet
away from home II went alone through
country fast and mighty in days wouldn't
be ver far was good as gold
never checks out
I'll work it out
sorry black blood
I'm saying is endless love got metal in
the old noodle he's crazy in the head
he's mad as a hatter is alone
he's alone I got a bone to pick with you
you stole all my do you know what you
stole
oh isn't that the pot calling the kettle
black you mean yes hold on oh my shiny
worthless rocks and if not you then who
black guy do you really think this is
the time for a grammar lesson I was this
close I could smell it
oh it just stinks are we talking
latrines here cuz if we are read the
rules no latrine humor at the bar
no we're talking this you see that
whatever it's worth
please don't tell me unless you want to
see a grown man cry
nothing I said don't tell me what do you
mean there's a native phrase for
something like that move we sow solely
away now what's she saying fool's gold
it's nothing but a worthless junker rock
which makes us I know
well we're geniuses compared to McTavish
I think somebody ought to tell him oh
don't forget to take all those sparkly
rocks over to mr. McTavish he seems to
be collecting the Scottish throne this
is all your fault
Mac like they say all it glitters isn't
gold what's that supposed to mean
come on look at the bright side it
whistle we might not be rich but at
least we're not lining up for latrines
anymore I don't want to hear another
word about latrines look at me I've got
this horrible goop all over my boots
yeah I got that mine too there's black
oily stuff that's just bubbling up from
the ground you think it's worth anything
oh yes like my black girls I'm sure it's
worth a bloody fortune
you think